<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Map][1]
-   [clear][2]
-   [isEmpty][3]
-   [size][4]
-   [set][5]
    -   [Parameters][6]
-   [setAll][7]
    -   [Parameters][8]
-   [get][9]
    -   [Parameters][10]
-   [remove][11]
    -   [Parameters][12]
-   [has][13]
    -   [Parameters][14]
-   [hasValue][15]
    -   [Parameters][16]
-   [keys][17]
-   [or][18]
    -   [Parameters][19]
-   [and][20]
    -   [Parameters][21]
-   [xor][22]
    -   [Parameters][23]
-   [diffVal][24]
    -   [Parameters][25]

## Map

imple map es6 class, which works as an iterator itself.

Type: [Map][26]

## clear

Remove all elements.

Returns **[Map][26]** This Map

## isEmpty

Check if the map has no element.

Returns **[Boolean][27]** If map has no element, then true.

## size

Count elements in map.

Returns **[Number][28]** Count of elements in map.

## set

Set element to map.  If the map already has a same key, old value will be
over written by aruguments value.
Key may take any object, but null and undefined.

### Parameters

-   `key` **any** Key of the element to set.
-   `val` **any** Value of th element to set.

Returns **[Map][26]** This Map

## setAll

Set all elemetns in given iterator to map.  All elements in the Iterator
should have "key" and "value" as property.

### Parameters

-   `it` **iterator** Iteratable object with valid elements.

Returns **[Map][26]** This Map

## get

Returns the value associated with key.  If key is not present in map,
then undefined will be returned.

### Parameters

-   `key` **any** Key of an element tobe located.

Returns **any** Associated value.

## remove

Remove element, with given key.  If key is not present in map,
then nothing happens.

### Parameters

-   `key` **any** Key of an element to remove.

Returns **[Map][26]** This Map

## has

Check if given key is present in map

### Parameters

-   `key` **any** Key to check.

Returns **[Boolean][27]** If present, then true.

## hasValue

Check if given value is present in map

### Parameters

-   `v` **any** value to check.

Returns **[Boolean][27]** If present, then true.

## keys

Returns an array of key, contains in map.

Returns **[Array][29]** Array of keys.

## or

Merge two maps and create a new map.  When both maps have elements with
same key, vallues are set to match argument map.

### Parameters

-   `map` **[Map][26]** Map to operate.

Returns **[Map][26]** Result map.

## and

Extract common elements between original map and argument maps.
Values are set to match argument map.

### Parameters

-   `map` **[Map][26]** Map to operate.

Returns **[Map][26]** Result map.

## xor

Merge elements with unique keys between original and argument map.
Result Map will be exactly the same map as, sustarcting the intersection
from the union of original and argument maps.

### Parameters

-   `map` **[Map][26]** Map to operate.

Returns **[Map][26]** Result map.

## diffVal

Extract elements between twu maps, which have common key but different values.

### Parameters

-   `map` **[Map][26]** Map to compare.

Returns **[Map][26]** Result map.

[1]: #map

[2]: #clear

[3]: #isempty

[4]: #size

[5]: #set

[6]: #parameters

[7]: #setall

[8]: #parameters-1

[9]: #get

[10]: #parameters-2

[11]: #remove

[12]: #parameters-3

[13]: #has

[14]: #parameters-4

[15]: #hasvalue

[16]: #parameters-5

[17]: #keys

[18]: #or

[19]: #parameters-6

[20]: #and

[21]: #parameters-7

[22]: #xor

[23]: #parameters-8

[24]: #diffval

[25]: #parameters-9

[26]: #map

[27]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[28]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[29]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
